---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hyperstack_core_virtual_machine Resource - terraform-provider-hyperstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# hyperstack_core_virtual_machine (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_name` (String) The name of the [environment](https://infrahub-doc.nexgencloud.com/docs/features/environments-available-features) in which the virtual machine is to be created.
- `flavor_name` (String) The name of the GPU hardware configuration ([flavor](https://infrahub-doc.nexgencloud.com/docs/hardware/flavors)) for the virtual machines being created.
- `key_name` (String) The name of the existing SSH key pair to be used for secure access to the virtual machine. For additional information on SSH key pairs, [**click here**](https://infrahub-doc.nexgencloud.com/docs/getting-started/create-keypair).
- `name` (String) The name of the virtual machine being created.

### Optional

- `assign_floating_ip` (Boolean) When this field is set to `true`, it attaches a [public IP address](https://infrahub-doc.nexgencloud.com/docs/virtual-machines/public-ip) to the virtual machine, enabling internet accessibility.
- `callback_url` (String) An optional URL where actions performed on the virtual machine will be sent. For additional information on event callbacks, [**click here**](https://infrahub-doc.nexgencloud.com/docs/features/webhooks-callbacks).
- `create_bootable_volume` (Boolean) Indicates whether to create a bootable volume for the virtual machine. When set to `true`, a bootable volume will be created; the default value is `false`.
- `image_name` (String) The [operating system (OS) image](https://infrahub-doc.nexgencloud.com/docs/virtual-machines/images) name designated for installation on the virtual machine.
- `labels` (List of String)
- `user_data` (String) Optional initialization configuration commands to manage the configuration of a virtual machine at launch using cloud-init scripts. For more information about custom VM configuration using cloud-init, [**click here**](https://infrahub-doc.nexgencloud.com/docs/virtual-machines/initialization-configuration).
- `volume_name` (String) The names of the volume(s) to be attached to the virtual machine being created.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String)
- `environment` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environment))
- `fixed_ip` (String)
- `flavor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flavor))
- `floating_ip` (String)
- `floating_ip_status` (String)
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `image` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image))
- `keypair` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keypair))
- `locked` (Boolean)
- `os` (String)
- `power_state` (String)
- `profile` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--profile))
- `security_rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_rules))
- `status` (String)
- `vm_state` (String)
- `volume_attachments` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume_attachments))

<a id="nestedatt--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `org_id` (Number)
- `region` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--flavor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flavor`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `disk` (Number)
- `ephemeral` (Number)
- `gpu` (String)
- `gpu_count` (Number)
- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `ram` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--keypair"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keypair`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `profile`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--security_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_rules`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `direction` (String) The direction of traffic that the firewall rule applies to.
- `ethertype` (String) The Ethernet type associated with the rule.
- `id` (Number)
- `port_range_max` (Number)
- `port_range_min` (Number)
- `protocol` (String) The network protocol associated with the rule. Call the [`GET /core/sg-rules-protocols`](https://infrahub-api-doc.nexgencloud.com/#get-/core/sg-rules-protocols) endpoint to retrieve a list of permitted network protocols.
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) The IP address range that is allowed to access the specified port. Use "0.0.0.0/0" to allow any IP address.
- `status` (String)
- `virtual_machine_id` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--volume_attachments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume_attachments`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `device` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `volume` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--volume_attachments--volume))

<a id="nestedatt--volume_attachments--volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `volume_attachments.volume`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `size` (Number)
- `volume_type` (String)
